FUMe is a C interface for the manipulation of DICOM objects. It is a
reimplementation of a rather popular proprietary DICOM API but shares
no code with what will be referred to as the "reference implementation"
(as FUMe is written in C++ and makes heavy use of C++11 features
it is highly unlikely the internal designs have much in common).

Though FUMe is written in C++ the external interface is pure C,
and it should be possible to use the library with a C (not C++)
compiler. If that does not work, then it is a bug. It may be
necessary to use a C++ linker to resolve some dynamic C++
runtime libraries, but this may be resolved by statically
linking libfume against the C++ runtime. This is not done yet
because the primary development envrionment (OSX) doesn't have
a static C++ runtime.

FUMe is intended to be cross-platform (Windows, Mac, Linux) though
the primary development platform is OSX. However it does require
a relatively recent version of a C++ compiler as it makes use of
C++11 features. It also requires a header-only instance of boost
1.62.0. This can be accomplished by downloading the tarball into
the extern directory and extracting it.

FUMe also makes use of xsltproc to read in the DocBook versions
of the DICOM standard to generate data element and IOD definitions
files. It then makes use of the cheetah template engine to generate
headers and executable code from those definition files. Consequently
it should be pretty easy to update FUMe when new versions of the
standard are released.

FUMe is very much a work in progress. Currently writing files using
the Explicit Little Endian Transfer Syntax is supported. Message
validation, network support, DICOMDIR support all need to be done.
No formal compatability testing with the reference implementation
has been done. The code is sprinkled pretty liberally with TODOs.
No one in their right mind would use this for a production anything,
yet. Hopefully someday.

FUMe is not a medical device, and no one in their right mind would
use it in one. Hopefully someday it's at that level of quality and
completeness, but today is not that day.

FUMe is public domain. Anyone can use it for whatever purpose they
want. I don't care what you do with it. I just wanted to further
my understanding of the reference implementation specifically and
DICOM generally
